# FlutterFlow Action Log Processor

## Overview

This project provides a script designed to process and summarize logs generated by **FlutterFlow**. The purpose of this tool is to accurately track and estimate project time by analyzing user actions within the FlutterFlow platform.

## How It Works

1. **Input**: The script accepts a CSV file containing logs from FlutterFlow, which includes information such as the user’s email, the action type (e.g., add, edit), timestamps, and whether the action was undone.
   
2. **Processing**: 
   - The script cleans the data by removing logs with missing user information or marked as "undo".
   - It then processes the logs chronologically for each user, detecting task repetitions based on time gaps or changes in the action type.
   - For each task, it calculates the total time spent and counts the number of occurrences.

3. **Output**:
   - A summarized version of the logs by day, user and type of activity.

## Requirements

- Python 3.7+
- pandas library

You can install the required dependencies using `pip`:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Example Usage

```
python logs_processing.py
```

## CSV Log Structure

The repository includes en example input (`input.csv`) and output (`output.csv`) files to use as reference

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to the project, feel free to fork the repository, create a new branch, and submit a pull request. Contributions are always welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
